Feat - Restructure Shimmer Develop Section Part - Add "What is Shimmer?" and more links to docs (#894)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: shimmer/develop/what-is-shimmer/tokens-and-wallets.md

---

> description: 'Learn about the role of the shimmer token, storage deposits, where to buy SMR and the recommended wallets.'

Reviewer: Should this be part of the dev section?

Author: I'm iffy on this as well, But if you want to work outside the testnet, you are going to need tokens, and it's a nice place to mention that you can get as many as you want from the faucet.

Reviewer: But will a dev use firefly or tanglepay for example? For me this just feels like double the work.
Can't we just add something like usefull links at the bottom with buying and the wallets?

Reviewer: No you are right, changing it to just links doesn't make much sense.
Still I'm not sure if a dev would ever be interested in wallets, but especially in buying Tokens 🤔

Reviewer: But we can always try keeping this page. If we don't like it, we can just remove/change it later

image: /img/shimmer-wiki.png
---

# Tokens and Wallets

As Shimmer supports [ISC(IOTA Smart Contracts)](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/smart-contracts/overview/), the base token
is used for more than speculation. Since ISC is built on top of
the [Tangle](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/learn/tangle/), it uses the Tangle to anchor state updates,
operate between chains, mint Native Assets, and access the network. However, there is another major use for the base token in the Shimmer network.

## Storage Deposits

With the introduction
of [storage deposits](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/storage_deposit/), any
data you want to store on the Tangle needs to be backed by Shimmer tokens. NFTs, Smart Contract chain state anchors, and Native Assets
require a deposit of Shimmer tokens to be stored on L1.

:::tip Test Faucet

> If you are experimenting with Shimmer on the [Betanet](networks.md#shimmer-beta), you can request test funds from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experimenting with Shimmer on the [testnet](networks.md#public-testnet), you can request test funds from
```
